hi this is a again this is 8615 and i'm
gonna be doing another lego review on
the Dino attack series from the 2005
these sets are discontinued you can't
get them anymore unless you find them on
eBay or Amazon or something like that it
just came in the mail today
it has 87 pieces if the minifigure it
comes with its shadow on the back
there's a little Dino attack scene and
then I guess you can get the
instructions to build that or you could
get the instructions to build that years
ago and then I'm gonna start off the
minifigure but like I always do because
that's really my favorite part of this
set so the minifigure you get is shadow
the leader of the Dino attack team he
just has the normal Dino attack and
space police Hellmouth he have little
grey streaks across his face so it you
know it shadow and then on the back of
him he does not have a double printed
tour so there's no double printed head
there was no deal details on the arms
Norman black legs and then on his torso
he has a cantina full of water a little
rope for climbing up building and stuff
like that and then he has a little knife
in the pocket so that's basically it for
the main figure you have the nipple legs
yeah that's that's it for him moving on
to the dinosaur the dinosaur that you
get with this set is a Dino attack
sir you can move his legs up and down
and yeah his arms move on the bottom
it's yellow like a reddish orange or
something and then it goes yellow all
the way down and then it ends right
there and all black and there's a curve
in its tail and there's two little
spikes and he can go so his mouth can
open and I don't you might not be able
to see that but in there there's a
little black comb to make him look
meaner you can see it on the Box really
good that's he's kind of rubbery on the
arms and a little bit on the legs but
then he's just hard plastic all the way
rest of the body
all right so onto the main feature of
the set the urban Avenger it has the
really big wheels this big and then
smaller there's little barricade there
so that the dinosaur can't get too close
or there's an antenna on the very back
of it I don't know why they put that
there but I dropped it
and then there's a big bone rod for the
steering wheel to cover up that piece
there's a really big endian there are
six exhaust pipes there's a big turret
on the top it's just a normal I do
Star Wars gun that piece on it and then
if you look inside there's a red
lightsaber piece from Star Wars and yeah
so then there's those pieces to make it
look like a turret and then this is
rubber not plastic and there's that
little clip piece see you can move it
wherever you want like you can be
driving along and then shoot the
dinosaur then the it has the normal Dino
attack colors red and tan with some
black
so yeah that's that's basically the
whole set I got this set off of ebay for
$30 which i think is a really good deal
for a set this old um if you can if you
can find one of these I really recommend
you get one of these
there is the instruction manual it it
shows you adequate everything's ever
there's 19 steps and 15 ages so yeah you
can find this I really recommend you get
it if you have a little chain piece you
can easily open the Raptors mouth and
put it in there and close it and then
you can put a guy on it just a chain so
you can ride the Raptor along done so
yeah I definitely give this set a 10 out
of 10 so yeah please rate comment and
subscribe bye